Minor guide sections update, part 2 (#8)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/delegate_function.md

# Delegate function

> You can delegate you operations on the shop to another user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delegate you operations in the shop to another user.
```

> This user can then handle in the shop as if they had a different customer number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This user can then take over as if they had a different customer number.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This user can then handle the shop as if they had a different customer number.
```

The user must have the `siso_policy/delegate` Policy which gives them access to special delegate functions.
They can access these functions in the site header.
On the delegate page the user can enter a customer number of a known customer and click **Delegate**.

User data for the provided customer number is then fetched from ERP. 
If the customer number is valid the number is assigned to the current user.

> The delegate user then handles as a different customer with a different customer number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The delegate user then takes over as a different customer with a different customer number
```

and can even create an order with the given customer number.
They only get the ERP profile data from the different customer, but not other things, such as the basket.
The user always uses their own basket.

> The user stays is the delegate role until they click **Undelegate**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user stays in the delegate role until they click **Undelegate**.
```

## Configuration

The delegate function is disabled by default. To enable it, use the following configuration:

``` yaml
silver_eshop.default.enable_delegate: true    
```

??? note "EshopBundle/Resources/config/ses_routing.yml"

    ``` yaml
    silversolutions_delegate:
     path: /delegate
        defaults: { _controller: SilversolutionsEshopBundle:DelegateCustomer:delegate }

    silversolutions_undelegate:
     path: /undelegate
        defaults: { _controller: SilversolutionsEshopBundle:DelegateCustomer:undelegate }
    ```

### Delegation logic

When a user enters a customer number in the **Delegate** screen, the delegate function is called directly.

> If no user is found with this customer number, an error message is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no user is found with provided customer number, an error message is displayed.
```

    defaults: { _controller: SilversolutionsEshopBundle:DelegateCustomer:undelegate }
```

> Delegating is not always allowed, so you can use the `DelegateCustomerController::isDelegateAllowed` method to check that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delegating is not always allowed, you can use the `DelegateCustomerController::isDelegateAllowed` method to check that.
```
